---
title: mook lawn
---

After this there is [[Psycko City]]  

By the time it was noticed, the lawn was so large that other lawns were powerless in comparison. This lawn was the Mook Lawn, where wondrous flowerings of thought and hydration take place. They all remain within a zone of optimal moisture, and the temperature is immaculate. Absolute comfort through carefully formulated Olfactivities.

But before the Lawn, there was The Bone. A cosmic ribcage, it hosted the Gordons and the Mookley that wandered its ridges. The Absolute Gordon, who Governed the Mookley, said they wasted too much  time, without time the Gordons would have no use for their Humor. "What is the point in sight without humor?" The Gordons could not answer and so they  procured the most elaborate scents by which to disturb the mookley, rush them to action.

Tired of this vapid tyranny, a mookleous viscerans by the name Zoltar Germiculus rose up against the Absolute Gordon (The Germiculus Clan was at one point one of the few burgeoning cults of Intensive Gordonism ([Blasphemous mookleys incapable of olfaction, falsely re-establishing themselves as divine nasal passages]) Zoltar Germiculus stole the Gordon's eyes, rendering him the "Oblivious Gordon." With the eyes, Zoltar gained the power to spread the mookleous humor, leading a group of mookley, now called the idolated mookley, to escape to the Mook Lawn and create a novel environment based upon immaculate sensation.

However, the Absolute Gordon's eyes had an unforeseen effect on Zoltar. Slowly, he began to transform into a technorganic fungus creature called the "Visceral Xeno-Gordon." As he changed, Zoltar's mind became increasingly unstable and consumed by scents it had acquired. The mook was too much, a vicious cycle of mookleous tragedy, no humor to be found. Empty idolationq spewed endlessly,  further and further within the trappings of ill considerations. "What if?" Zoltar gasped, and wandered into oblivion, leaving only a figment of mind and the Fungus behind. This fungus was a cosmic fungus, visceral, and beyond lethal. Its corruption spread along the Logic(k) of The Lawn. A penetrative ooze immaculately conceived, Logic(k) of The Lawn spread Passions of The Lawn.  Synthesized in absolute form, the Fungus and the Viscerans, and a Gordon's absolute eyes. The mookley could not resist the scent, that inflitrated their insides, and in their fervor they themselves would lay upon the Lawn in ecstacy "I have found my place! The Mook is never Forgotten!" (The insidious Logic(k) takes place through these sentences, an infectuous belief managed only by the most skilled CyberSemiotician. May only be distributed by Librarians trained in Hazardous Logic containment and distribution procedures (HLCDP Certification can be obtained at your nearest AxL approved repository)).

Back on The Bone, the Oblivious Gordon wandered aimlessly, unable to see or understand the plight of his people, the Obliviated Mookley. They struggled to make sense of their world without the guidance of the Absolute Gordon. The infantile Gordon's began consuming all the time, aging themselves so quickly, to the horror of The Obliviated one, that they themselves eventually came to writhe in dimension, obliviating into sacred ooze. The Obliviated Gordon could smell this though, and so wandered in those directions in hopes to scrape it onto themselves, perhaps an effort to retain them? Or maybe a vanity act towards a sliver of idolation. Who Knows? The rest of the mookley could not communicate, or see each other. But they could smell, only one smell, the agitation among them. And so they kept few and far between, so as not having to suffer the most agitated scents of loneliness. For even if they found each other, their inability to communicate would only further the distance, for many producing a lethal scent with the potential of a chain reaction the would rot The Bone entirely.

One day, back in Mook Lawn an Obliviated Mookley (Norman Squirmlonk) who had been smuggled into the Mook Lawn, found itself unable to fully integrate into the idolated mookley society. It could not understand the smell-code olfactivity systems that allowed the mookley to communicate with one another. As it tried to navigate this strange new world, it learned of the Visceral Xeno-Gordon and the imminent danger it performed before an increasingly omniscient reality, and that this performance could even pronounce itself the final of the past (Too much information could collapse the Time Zone, forcing an innoportune expansion across non-palatable boundaries (F.Y.I. A Pocket of the Eternal Coat can only hold so much until it rips, and these tears are easily spread as flying time-lines fray)).

Determined to save not only the Mook Lawn but all of existence, Norman Squirmlonk escaped back to the old world, where it sought the help of the Oblivious Gordon and the rest of the Obliviated Mookley. It warned them of the growing threat of the Visceral Xeno-Gordon. Who knew what grotesque scents this horrific Gordon could proclaim?

Together, they returned to the Mook Lawn to face the Visceral Xeno-Gordon. Despite their best efforts, they were unable to stop the creature, it was too Large! Although they were technically farther and wider, it was much taller, The United Mookleous Assemblage was not prepared! As its fungus began to spread, encompassing the entire Time-Zone. The Xeno-Gordon's influence seeped into other realities, slowly weaving its way into the cosmic fibers of the Eternal Coat.

The Visceral Xeno-Gordon became a wayward hyperstition, the fate of the mookley, now intertwined with this malignant force,  became part of a vast subsumptive narrative that would continue to unfold across the ex-finite expanse of potential Time-Zones (Airports keep track of this, this is how they update time-zones, why do you think a linear flight gets delayed? Anomalous behavior from The Lawn and its subsidiaries). Thus hold a whiff to your groundskeeper, those who retain a capacity for maintaining the cognitive flooring upon which you think upon.